[Deployment][Update document on publishing in VSC to include Azure instructions] (#2069)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/publish/publish-add-in-vs-code.md

![Static website settings in Azure](static-website-in-azure.png)

3. Open your project from it's root folder in VS Code. Next, open your project's manifest file (`manifest.xml`) and change any reference to your localhost URL (such as https://localhost:3000) to the primary endpoint information you've copied. This endpoint is the static website URL for your newly created storage account. Save the changes you've made to your manifest file.

4. Open a command line prompt. From the command line, navigate to the root directory of your add-in project. Then run the following command to prepare all files for production deployment:

    ```command&nbsp;line
    npm run build
    ```

    When the build completes, the **dist** folder in the root directory of your add-in project will contain the files that you'll deploy in subsequent steps.

5. Next go to the **Azure Storage** explorer in VS Code, expand your subscription, and expand the node for the Azure Storage account that you created in the previous step. Expand the **Blob Containers** node. The $web container is where you deploy your app code.

![Storage nodes listed in the Blob Containers node](azure-storage-container.png)

> 6. To deploy, select the Files explorer, right-click on your **dist** folder, and choose **Deploy to Static Website**. When prompted, select the storage account you created previously.

Author: ```suggestion
6. To deploy, select the Files explorer, select and hold (right-click) on your **dist** folder, and choose **Deploy to Static Website**. When prompted, select the storage account you created previously.
```

> 6. To deploy, select the Files explorer, select and hold (right-click) on your **dist** folder, and choose **Deploy to Static Website**. When prompted, select the storage account you created previously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. To deploy, select the Files explorer, select and hold (right-click) your **dist** folder, and choose **Deploy to Static Website**. When prompted, select the storage account you created previously.
```

> [!NOTE]
> For information about publishing an Office Add-in that you created using Visual Studio, see [Publish your add-in using Visual Studio](package-your-add-in-using-visual-studio.md).

## Publishing pre-requisites

An Office Add-in consists of a web application and a manifest file. The web application defines the add-in's user interface and functionality, while the manifest specifies the location of the web application and defines settings and capabilities of the add-in.

While you're developing your add-in, you can run the add-in on your local web server (`localhost`), but when you're ready to publish it for other users to access, you'll need to deploy the web application and update the manifest to specify the URL of the deployed application.

When your add-in is working as desired and you're ready to publish it for other users to access, ensure you have the following pre-requisites:

- An [Azure account](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/). You can start one for free if you don't already have an account.

> - An Azure storage account. If you need to set one up after creating your Azure account, do so using instructions in [Create an Azure Storage Account](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/developer/javascript/tutorial-vscode-static-website-node-03).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An Azure storage account. If you need to set one up after creating your Azure account, do so using instructions in [Create an Azure Storage Account](/azure/developer/javascript/tutorial-vscode-static-website-node-03).
```

## Publishing an add-in for other users to access

> 1. Open your browser and navigate to https://portal.azure.com/, then select **Storage accounts**. You will see your storage accounts. Select the one you would like to use for your add-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open your browser and navigate to https://portal.azure.com/, then select **Storage accounts** to see your storage accounts. Select the one you would like to use for your add-in.
```

2. On this same page under the settings menu, choose the **Static website** option. You'll notice **Index document name** and **Error document path** are pre-populated with the filename index.html. Change both fields from index.html to **taskpane.html**. Next, copy the **primary endpoint** URL that you did not change.

> ![Static website settings in Azure](static-website-in-azure.png)

Reviewer: I think the image paths in this article are incorrect. You may need to do something like:
```suggestion
![Static website settings in Azure](../images/static-website-in-azure.png)
```

Author: I'm gonna commit to see if these work, will fix if that doesn't fix it

> 3. Open your project from it's root folder in VS Code. Next, open your project's manifest file (`manifest.xml`) and change any reference to your localhost URL (such as https://localhost:3000) to the primary endpoint information you've copied. This endpoint is the static website URL for your newly created storage account. Save the changes you've made to your manifest file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Open your project from its root folder in VS Code. Next, open your project's manifest file (`manifest.xml`) and change any reference to your localhost URL (such as `https://localhost:3000`) to the primary endpoint information you've copied. This endpoint is the static website URL for your newly created storage account. Save the changes you've made to your manifest file.
```

4. Open a command line prompt. From the command line, navigate to the root directory of your add-in project. Then run the following command to prepare all files for production deployment:

    ```command&nbsp;line
    npm run build
    ```

    When the build completes, the **dist** folder in the root directory of your add-in project will contain the files that you'll deploy in subsequent steps.

5. Next go to the **Azure Storage** explorer in VS Code, expand your subscription, and expand the node for the Azure Storage account that you created in the previous step. Expand the **Blob Containers** node. The $web container is where you deploy your app code.

![Storage nodes listed in the Blob Containers node](azure-storage-container.png)

> 6. To deploy, select the Files explorer, right-click on your **dist** folder, and choose **Deploy to Static Website**. When prompted, select the storage account you created previously.

Reviewer: This says "right-click". Is it too mouse-centric?

Author: Yeah I had the same thought, although I have had this discussion about a year ago with the VSC folks who write their docs. Their perspective is that this is ok which is odd to me. I guess the alternative is "select and hold (or right click)" which might be more in line with our philosophy

![Deploying to a static website](deploy-to-static-website.png)

> 7. When deployment is complete, a message appears with a Browse to website button. Select that button to open the primary endpoint of the deployed app code.

Reviewer: I think you should bold the button name
```suggestion
7. When deployment is complete, a message appears with a **Browse to website** button. Select that button to open the primary endpoint of the deployed app code.
```

## Publishing an add-in for other users to access

An Office Add-in consists of a web application and a manifest file. The web application defines the add-in's user interface and functionality, while the manifest specifies the location of the web application and defines settings and capabilities of the add-in.

> While you're developing your add-in, you can run the add-in on your local web server (`localhost`), but when you're ready to publish it for other users to access, you'll need to deploy the web application and update the manifest to specify the URL of the deployed application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While you're developing, you can run the add-in on your local web server (`localhost`). When you're ready to publish it for other users to access, you'll need to deploy the web application and update the manifest to specify the URL of the deployed application.
```

> When your add-in is working as desired, you can publish it directly through Visual Studio Code using the Azure Storage extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your add-in is working as desired, you can publish it directly through Visual Studio (VS) Code using the Azure Storage extension.
```

## Using Visual Studio Code to publish

> 1. Open your project from its root folder in VS (Visual Studio) Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open your project from its root folder in VS Code.
```

2. From the Extensions view in VS Code, search for the Azure Storage extension and install it.

> 3. Once installed, an Azure icon will be added to the Activity Bar. Select it to access the extension. If your Activity Bar is hidden, you won't be able to access the extension. Show the Activity Bar by selecting **View > Appearance > Show Activity Bar**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Once installed, an Azure icon is added to the Activity Bar. Select it to access the extension. If your Activity Bar is hidden, you won't be able to access the extension. Show the Activity Bar by selecting **View > Appearance > Show Activity Bar**.
```

4. When in the extension, sign in to your Azure account by selecting **Sign in to Azure**. You can also create an Azure account if you don't already have one by selecting **Create a free Azure account**. Follow the provided steps to set up your account.

> 5. Once you have signed in to your Azure account, you'll see your Azure storage accounts appear in the extension. If you don't already have a storage account, you'll need to create one using the **Create new storage account** option. Name your storage account a globally unique name, using only 'a-z' and '0-9'. Note that by default, this creates a storage account and a resource group with the same name. It automatically puts the storage account in West US. This can be adjusted online through [your Azure account](https://portal.azure.com/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Once you have signed in to your Azure account, you'll see your Azure storage accounts appear in the extension. If you don't already have a storage account, create one using the **Create new storage account** option. Name your storage account a globally unique name, using only 'a-z' and '0-9'. Note that by default, this creates a storage account and a resource group with the same name. It automatically puts the storage account in West US. This can be adjusted online through [your Azure account](https://portal.azure.com/).
```

Author: I can't see a difference here so just marking as resolved.

> 6. Select and hold your storage account, choosing **Configure static website**. You'll be asked to enter the index document name and the 404 document name. Change the index document name from the default `index.html` to **`taskpane.html`**. You may decide to also change the 404 document name but are not required to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Select and hold (right-click) your storage account, choosing **Configure static website**. You'll be asked to enter the index document name and the 404 document name. Change the index document name from the default `index.html` to **`taskpane.html`**. You may decide to also change the 404 document name but are not required to.
```

Reviewer 2: This doesn't seem quite right. Can we say "Right-click your storage account and choose Configure static....

Reviewer: This is based on the [style guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/r/right-click)

> 7. Select and hold your storage again again, this time choosing **Browse static website**. From the browser window that opens, copy the website URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Select and hold your storage again, this time choosing **Browse static website**. From the browser window that opens, copy the website URL.
```

> 8. In VS Code, open your project's manifest file (`manifest.xml`) and change any reference to your localhost URL (such as `https://localhost:3000`) to the URL you've copied. This endpoint is the static website URL for your newly created storage account. Save the changes you've made to your manifest file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. In VS Code, open your project's manifest file (`manifest.xml`) and change any reference to your localhost URL (such as `https://localhost:3000`) to the URL you've copied. This endpoint is the static website URL for your newly created storage account. Save the changes to your manifest file.
```

> 9. Open a command line prompt. From the command line, navigate to the root directory of your add-in project. Then run the following command to prepare all files for production deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Open a command line prompt. From the command line, navigate to the root directory of your add-in project. Then run the following command to prepare all files for production deployment.
```

> 9. Open a command line prompt. From the command line, navigate to the root directory of your add-in project. Then run the following command to prepare all files for production deployment:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. Open a command line prompt and navigate to the root directory of your add-in project. Then run the following command to prepare all files for production deployment.
```

    ```command&nbsp;line
    npm run build
    ```

    When the build completes, the **dist** folder in the root directory of your add-in project will contain the files that you'll deploy in subsequent steps.

> 10. To deploy, select the Files explorer, select and hold (right-click) your **dist** folder, and choose **Deploy to Static Website**. When prompted, select the storage account you created previously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. To deploy, select the Files explorer, select and hold your **dist** folder, and choose **Deploy to Static Website**. When prompted, select the storage account you created previously.
```

Reviewer 2: Again, don't like (right-click) in parens. Consider "To deploy, select the Files explorer, right-click on your **dist** folder....

![Deploying to a static website](../images/deploy-to-static-website.png)

> 11. When deployment is complete, a message appears with a **Browse to website** button. Select that button to open the primary endpoint of the deployed app code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
11. When deployment is complete, a **Browse to website** message appears which you can select to open the primary endpoint of the deployed app code.
```
